# .github
Default files as by <https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/creating-a-default-community-health-file>.
With such a repository one can easily take care of personal (or organizational) defauls for the following files

Community health file | Description --- | ---{% ifversion fpt %} CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md | A CODE_OF_CONDUCT file defines standards for how to engage in a community. For more information, see "Adding a code of conduct to your project."{% endif %} CONTRIBUTING.md | A CONTRIBUTING file communicates how people should contribute to your project. For more information, see "Setting guidelines for repository contributors."{% ifversion fpt %} FUNDING.yml | A FUNDING file displays a sponsor button in your repository to increase the visibility of funding options for your open source project. For more information, see "Displaying a sponsor button in your repository."{% endif %} Issue and pull request templates{% ifversion fpt or ghae or ghes %} and config.yml{% endif %} | Issue and pull request templates customize and standardize the information you'd like contributors to include when they open issues and pull requests in your repository. For more information, see "About issue and pull request templates."{% ifversion fpt or ghes > 3.0 %} SECURITY.md | A SECURITY file gives instructions for how to report a security vulnerability in your project. For more information, see "Adding a security policy to your repository."{% endif %} SUPPORT.md | A SUPPORT file lets people know about ways to get help with your project. For more information, see "Adding support resources to your project."

You cannot create a default license file. License files must be added to individual repositories so the file will be included when a project is cloned, packaged, or downloaded.
